Advantages Of Noritz Tankless Water Heaters I All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu Advantages of Noritz Tankless Water Heaters March 26, 2023 Share Whether your current tank water heater is nearing the end of its service life or you want to upgrade to have the latest, most-efficient technology in your home, there are plenty of reasons these days to go with a TANKLESS WATER HEATER. While there are many tankless water heater brands on the market today, one of our favorites is Noritz. If you want to take advantage of the benefits of tankless water heaters, along with the best technology and 25-year warranty available, Noritz tankless units are excellent options. Call All American Plumbing, Heating & Air to learn more about the advantages of Noritz tankless water heaters and explore your best options for installation. What Are Tankless Water Heaters? Tankless water heaters are essentially a way to provide hot water on demand. Unlike conventional tank-style water heaters, they don’t store heated water in a tank waiting for you to use it; instead, the unit heats the water up as needed, making them great energy-saving options and allowing you to enjoy near-instant hot water! Benefits Of Tankless Water Heaters More Energy-Efficient And Cost Less to Operate Tankless water heaters are much more energy-efficient than traditional storage tank models and can lower your monthly utility bills significantly. This is because they only heat the water when you need it instead of constantly heating a large quantity of water in a storage tank. Heats Water on Demand Tankless water heaters don’t waste energy storing hot water, but instead, heat the water as needed. This means you will never run out of hot water and need to wait for it to reheat. Smaller Unit That Saves Floor Space on Your Home Tankless water heater units take up much less space than traditional tank models, making them ideal for small spaces or homes where space is limited. Unlimited Hot Water (Doesn’t Run Out) As mentioned previously, tankless water heaters provide an unlimited supply of hot water on demand without the need to wait for it to reheat after running out. Typically Last Longer Than Tank Units Noritz and other tankless models typically have a much longer lifespan than traditional tank versions. While traditional tank water heaters last for up to 12 years, tankless models can last up to 20 years with proper maintenance. Why We Recommend Noritz Tankless Water Heaters At ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING, we’re proud to offer Noritz tankless water heaters to our customers in the Central Valley. Why do we recommend Noritz? For starters, they pioneered water heaters for over 60 years and were the first to introduce electronically controlled tankless units back in 1981. Today, Nortiz accounts for about 70% of tankless products in the world, making it the largest global manufacturer. Noritz products also come with the best tankless water heater warranty in the business – up to 25 years. This incredible warranty gives you peace of mind and protects your investment in your home. Noritz EZ Series Two of the most popular tankless water systems that we install come from Noritz’s innovative EZ Series. These units can be retrofitted when replacing a traditional tank water heater. This makes installation much quicker, easier, and more economical. We can often use your existing plumbing, gas line, and venting. Depending on the size of your home and water usage, there are a few different models to choose from, including: EZTR50 – Replaces 40- to 50-gallon tank water heaters, which is typically suitable for homes with 1-2 bathrooms. This model offers 9.8 gallons per minute. EZTR75 – Replaces 75-gallon tanks for larger homes. Offers 11.1 gallons per minute Tankless Water Heater Installation In The Central Valley For a consultation and estimate to install a Noritz tankless water heater in your home, call the expert team of ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING, HEATING & AIR at (209) 509-4448. We’ll evaluate your needs and talk through the best options to keep you supplied with all the hot water you need. We look forward to hearing from you! Categories: Tankless Water Heater (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361