3 Reasons Your Tap Water Looks Rusty I All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu 3 Reasons Your Tap Water Looks Rusty March 19, 2023 Share Picture this: You turn on your faucet to fill a glass of water and notice rusty sediment floating in your drink. While not ideal, it isn’t necessarily a reason to panic if your tap water looks rusty. Common causes of rusty tap water include a water main break, water heater issues, or corroding metal water pipes. By following clues of how widespread and from which faucets the issue appears, you can narrow down and find the root cause. While some homeowners are able to troubleshoot and resolve the issue on their own, if you have any doubts or fears, it’s always best to consult a licensed plumber. The team at All American Plumbing, Heating & Air is available to help you investigate and fix any rusty water problems. Give us a call today, and we’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have! Is Rusty Water Safe? If you’re wondering if rusty-colored water is safe to bathe in, the answer is usually yes. A slight discoloration in water does not indicate a health risk. Additionally, if your rusty tap water is hard, it may be bad for your hair. Hard water also makes it harder for soap to lather and as a result, it takes longer to get clean. While rusty water is generally safe to drink, it can discolor items like clothing and dishes. The rust particles are usually iron oxide, which is a result of corroding metal pipes. Iron oxide is not toxic and won’t harm your health. However, if the water has an unpleasant odor or taste, you should get it tested for bacteria or other contaminants immediately. However, if your rusty water contains lead or arsenic, which is not common, it is best to avoid drinking the water altogether. You can have your water tested by a professional or purchase a DIY testing kit to check for contaminants such as lead. Top Reasons Your Tap Water Looks Rusty By understanding the potential causes of rusty tap water and taking steps to investigate further, you can determine whether you need to take action. Read on to find out the three main reasons your water might be looking rusty. If Both Your Hot And Cold Water Is Brown… For instances where your hot and cold water are both appearing brown from the faucet, the reason is likely from a water main break in a local water main or fire hydrant. Water main breaks can result in sediment in your water supply due to the interconnectedness of many municipality water lines. This happens often and is typically not a major cause for concern. If both your hot and cold water is running with brown residue or sediment, check your local “boil water warnings” to see if it’s a widespread issue. If not, alert the local water authority as soon as possible to make them aware of the problem and ask if there has been any recent maintenance on the water mains in your area. This should give you a good indication of what is causing the issue as well as a better idea of how long it will take until your water supply is running clear again. If Only The Hot Water Is Brown… If your hot water is brown and the cold water supply looks clear, your water heater is likely to blame. Sediment buildup in the water heater itself can lead to rusty brown water. This problem should be eradicated as soon as possible to prevent your water heater from breaking entirely. Sediment buildup can lead to premature corrosion in the water tank, along with the potential for problematic leaks, cracks, and even bursts/explosions within the tank. To fix the problem, you will need to drain and flush the water heater tank in order to remove any sediment buildup. (This should be done at least annually or every six months if you have a hard water supply.) If it’s too late and you notice the water heater tank is showing early signs of corrosion, call in a plumber for their professional opinion on what to do next. If You Only Notice The Issue From A Few Faucets… For specific faucets with sediment buildup or rusty water, you likely have a water supply pipe that is corroding. Many homes with older plumbing systems suffer from sediment buildup in the pipes. Sometimes this can be a minor problem, easily fixed by running the water for 20 minutes or so to flush out any small amounts of rust that might have broken loose from the pipes. However, if the problem persists after attempting a simple fix, you likely need to replace the pipes in question. Better To Be Safe Than Sorry In any case, it’s important to exercise caution when dealing with rusty water or sediment in your water supply. Switch to drinking bottled or boiled water for the time being until you can get the problem solved. Contact The Experts For a Diagnosis of The Problem It’s also a good idea to bring in an experienced plumber to make sure your drinking water is as clean as possible. If you’re concerned about the color or taste of your water, call All American Plumbing, Heating & Air today at (209) 509-4448. We provide trusted plumbing services in the Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, and Patterson areas. Categories: Water Heater (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361