Clogged Drain and Sewer Cleaning Services in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Sewer & Drain In the Service of Excellence Clogged Drain and Sewer Cleaning Services by Expert Plumbers in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Keeping Your Home’s Plumbing System in Excellent Working Order Save $198 No Cost Sewer Camera Inspection (A $198 Value) Keep this coupon for use today, tomorrow, or whenever you need us. Includes a thorough sewer camera inspection (a $198 value) at no cost when presented at the time of paid service and accessed through an outside cleanout. Through an outside accessible cleanout. For owner occupied homes only. No other discounts, specials or club membership savings apply. Print Coupon The drain and sewer system of your Central Valley home serves one very basic purpose. That’s to remove waste and wastewater from your household and your property in a dependable, effective, and hygienic matter. It’s important to maintain this system to make sure your home’s plumbing continues to work as smoothly as it should. This maintenance includes investing in routine sewer drain cleaning and sink drain cleaning from the service professionals at All American Sewer & Drain. We’ve been in the business of drain and sewer cleaning, among other comprehensive plumbing services, since 2001, and we’re eager to show you how we work “In the types Service of Excellence.” Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Common Types of Drain and Sewer Problems Many homeowners live with drain and sewer problems longer than they should, simply because they aren’t aware of the warning signs. Common types of drain problems include slow drains, frequent or recurring clogs, foul odor coming from your drains, and water flooding below sinks or surrounding drains. Sewer problems include gurgling toilets, drains that are slow to clear, and strong sewer odor – along with more intense issues such as cracked walls, pest invasions indoors, and sewage backup in the toilet or tub. If you notice any of these signs, it’s time to call All American Sewer & Drain for professional help! What Causes Clogged Drains? There are a few different things that can create this issue. Whatever the nature of the problem ends up being, it requires the right tools and training to successfully unclog a drain and keep it clean. But what scenarios lead to these clogs? It’s dependent on where the drain is, first off, but we’ve listed a few common causes of clogged drains below: Hair in the Bathroom Drains: When you shower or style your hair over your sink, some of your hair is bound to wind up in the drain, creating clogs deep within the pipes. FOG in the Kitchen Drains: FOG stands for fats, oils, and grease. The problem with these substances is that they harden as they cool, and eventually create stubborn clogs. Tree Roots: The smallest of leaks from your sewer line or main water line can quickly attract growing tree roots, which constantly seek out sources of water. Bathroom Drain Cleaning Services There’s nothing quite like a clogged bathroom drain. It’s a “hairy” situation, and you don’t have to deal with it alone! All American Sewer & Drain provides comprehensive bathroom drain cleaning services including sink and tub drains as well as toilet clogs and leaky pipes. Before you attempt to clear a stubborn clog, give one of the experienced professional plumbers at All American Sewer & Drain a call. We can safely and efficiently remove the obstruction without damaging your drain or surrounding pipes. Learn more about our bathroom drain cleaning services by giving us a call. Kitchen Drain Cleaning Services You would be surprised to learn about the variety of objects we have discovered clogging up a kitchen drain: jewelry, plastic toys, food particles, paper products and more! If you have a clog somewhere in your kitchen plumbing, it can wreak havoc in your daily routine. If you are in need of kitchen drain cleaning services, All American Sewer & Drain can help. We are experts when it comes to removing the largest objects from kitchen drains without damaging your pipes, sink, or countertop. We are confident you’ll love the work we do. Give us a call! How Do You Unclog a Drain? For effective sewer drain cleaning, let alone sink drain or shower drain cleaning, you need a lot more than a store-bought drain cleanser. In fact, these solutions can actually cause more harm than good as they’re corrosive and can slowly eat away at your plumbing system. Professional drain snaking is typically the best bet, and hydro-jetting may be needed for the most stubborn of clogs. Don’t hesitate to contact us for our reliable drain cleaning services. Hydro-jetting involves the use of highly pressurized water to scour the interior of your pipes. It’s an environmentally friendly process, and there aren’t any harsh or corrosive chemicals to deal with that could compromise your plumbing. We feed a hose with a special nozzle into the line and then use that pressurized water to blast away any blockages. This method is so effective that it prevents further clogs from forming, so long as you properly care for and maintain your plumbing system. Quick Tips – Recover Jewelry Lost in Drain Ask About Our Sewer Drain Cleaning Warranty Sewer line cleaning is not something you should attempt on your own, nor is it something you should try to perform on your own. Our highly trained and experienced plumbers not only effectively clean all of your sewer drains, but we can check to ensure that no breaches have occurred—such as the infiltration of tree roots. The good news is, if we do find damaged sewer lines, we can access and repair the sewer line via trenchless technology, rather than tearing up part of your property. We are so confident in our sewer cleaner services that we provide a 1-year warranty for up to two stoppages in your main sewer line. Give us a call today for more details! We also offer a 6-year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. We provide drain and sewer services in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the Central Valley Area. Schedule an appointment with our drain cleaning experts by calling us at (209) 509-4448. Drain & SewerDrain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN Sewer & Drain Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361