Sewer line and Drain Repair in Los Banos & Turlock | 209-509-4448 Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Sewer & Drain In the Service of Excellence Affordable Sewer Line and Drain Repair Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced LightRay UV Sewer & Drain Repair or Complete Replacement System. The NO DIG Option. Sewer line repairs and replacements were often an expensive and disruptive 3-to-5-day process involving destructive yard excavation and loud machinery. Sewer line repairs were also notorious for being temporary, with homeowners finding they had to call a plumber again within a matter of months because of another blockage. All American Sewer & Drain is excited to let you know that those problems are a thing of the past. We are proud to provide the LightRay UV Sewer & Drain Repair / Replacement System by factory certified technicians. This is a 1 day NO DIG process that repairs and replaces your problematic existing sewer and drain piping without having to Dig Up your lawn and destroy your landscaping. Using this system, we can put an end to the tree roots that infiltrate and clog your sewer line through cracks and holes in the pipe. You’ll never have to worry about backups again. In fact, we are so confident in our work, we provide up to a 25 Year blockage free warranty. Bottom line, we are the best in the area at solving your sewer and drain challenges while also saving your yard and money in the process! What Are The Benefits of LightRay UV Sewer Repair System? The LightRay UV Sewer Repair System offers a number of benefits, including: Less invasive – The LightRay UV system doesn’t require digging or trenching, so it’s less disruptive to your property. LightRay UV is the NO DIG alternative to repair or completely replace your troublesome sewer line. Save Time, Save Money & Save Your Lawn. Faster – The LightRay UV system can be installed in a fraction of the time it takes to dig up a sewer line. Most installations can be performed in 1 day without disrupting your plumbing systems. More affordable – The LightRay UV system is less expensive when compared to Pipe Bursting or excavations. If you’re in need of drain or “sewer line replacement near me”, call the experts at All American Sewer & Drain. We’ll be happy to discuss your options, answer all your questions, and help you find the best solution for your needs. Repairing Or Replacing A Sewer Line If you have multiple drains in your home or business backing up, or if you have a bad smell you can’t get rid of, then it’s likely time to repair or replace your sewer line. All American plumbers have been helping folks all across Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson, and Merced do just that. It’s important to call in the professionals so you can know how bad the damage to your sewer connection is. If it’s only a clog, All American will be able to identify it and hydrojet it. That means we could use heavily pressurized water to open up your sewer line again. The All American team is also ready to conduct either trench-digging and non-invasive repairs, whichever is better for your home. For example, using epoxy to seal off minor leaks can avert the need for a full replacement. What’s more, all sewer line fixes will be backed by our 1-year warranty for all residents of Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson, and Merced. Common Signs Of A Problem With Your Sewer Line At All American Sewer & Drain we do more than unclog drains. We offer a full range of sewer line repair services, including main sewer line repair, sewer line replacement, no dig pipe restoration, sewer line cleaning, and lift station cleaning. It is important to know the common signs of a problem with your sewer line so you can get the proper help to repair or replace your sewer lines as soon as possible to avoid extensive and expensive damages. If you have been dealing with frequent toilet backups, slow draining tubs and sinks, noticing a foul odor, flooded spots on your lawn, experiencing a new pest control problem, finding mold and mildew, or hearing gurgling sounds — these may be signs that you have a problem with your sewer line and need to call a professional as soon as possible. Our knowledgeable and friendly plumbing professionals are trained to address pipe corrosion, sewer blockages, broken pipes, leaking sewer lines, standing water, and more. Serving Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced, call All American Sewer & Drain for all your sewer line repair needs. Why Choose Us? All American Sewer & Drain is the leading provider of sewer and drain line replacement services in the area. We have the experience and the skills to get the job done right, and we’ll work quickly to get your home or business back up and running. Contact us today to schedule a consultation. At All American Sewer & Drain, our plumbers are highly trained, licensed and insured. With our highly rated 5-star service and experience you can put your confidence in us. We understand how stressful a sewer problem can be and will quickly come to your rescue with the best equipment and systems available. Since we are your neighbors and a part of the communities we serve, we understand the unique needs of each area. No job is too big or too small for our team of experts. We have the knowledge, experience, and equipment to handle any type of plumbing repair, replacement, or installation. All American Sewer & Drain is a family-owned and operated business, so we understand the importance of customer service. We do not consider a job done until you are satisfied with what we’ve achieved. Since we are well aware that plumber issues can pop up at any time, WE OFFER 24/7 EMERGENCY SERVICES. No matter what time of day or night it is, if you have a plumbing emergency, we will be there to help. We understand that not everyone is familiar with the ins and outs of plumbing, which is why we take the time to educate our customers on their options, what to expect from us, clearly explain the work that is being done, and happily answer all their questions. At All American Sewer & Drain, we have years of experience helping homeowners with their drain and sewer line problems. We understand how important it is to get the problem fixed quickly and efficiently. Contact Us For Expert Drain & Sewer Replacement Contact All American Sewer & Drain today to schedule your thorough sewer line camera inspection and learn about how much you can save in sewer line repair or replacement costs. We’ll be happy to answer all your questions and provide you with upfront options to address your needs and concerns. We look forward to hearing your questions about our drain and sewer replacement in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson, Merced, and neighboring areas. Schedule an appointment with our sewer & drain repair experts by calling us at (209) 509-4448. Drain & SewerDrain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN Sewer & Drain Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361