Slab Leak Detection and Repair in Los Banos & Turlock | 209-509-4448 Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Slab Leak Detection and Repair in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Fast, Effective Services Backed by Years of Experience Have you ever noticed a warm spot on your kitchen or living room floor with no explanation? Or perhaps you have a damp spot on your carpet and don’t know how it got there. If so, you could very well have a slab leak. This is among the most serious and disheartening plumbing problems that homeowners face. Slab leaks can cause significant damage in a short amount of time if not located and repaired right away. This is why you need a team onsite to perform accurate slab leak detection and repairs as needed. You have that with All American Plumbing Heating & Air. We are “In the Service of Excellence” and have been serving customers throughout Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley area for over 18 years. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. How to tell if you have a slab leak If you notice a sudden spike in your water bill, water pooling in places it shouldn’t, water heater constantly running or even areas of the floor that are suddenly getting hot. You may have a slab leak. Early detection is very important when leaks in your slab’s foundation are in question, as it can save you thousands of dollars in water and home damage. We’ll explain in more detail each one of these signs that you may have a slab leak with the below bullet list, Sudden water bill increase – If you notice your home’s water bill has been higher than normal, this could be due to a leak in your slab foundation. Call our expert slab leak detection & repair for professional help. Water pooling where it shouldn’t – Water will pool under the foundation until it finds a way to escape. Make sure you keep an eye out for any water that seems to be coming out of the slab foundation on the outside of your home. If you don’t have any way for water to pool in that area, AKA, sprinklers, hoses or faucets, you may have a slab leak. Hot water heater always running – When you hot water heater seems to always be running, a slab leak is similar to leaving your hot water faucet on 24/7. If your hot water heater never has hot water, it’s always going to be working non-stop in order to make up for the lost hot water. Floors are suddenly hot – If the slab leak is on the hot water side, eventually the concrete above it will slowly warm up due to the transfer of heat from the leak. Carpet makes it much more difficult to detect, but if you have hardwood flooring or linoleum, you’ll easily find the hot spots from a potential slab leak. What Is a Slab Leak? This is the name given to a leak that occurs beneath the concrete foundation—the slab—of your home. Your home’s foundation helps stabilize your property and protect it against soil erosion, among other issues. Unfortunately, however, you have several plumbing pipes that run under this foundation, and those include your water and sewer lines. Being out of sight means that when one of these pipes springs a leak, you aren’t going to know about it right away. It becomes a slab leak when this leak filters up through the slab of your home, and usually the first visible signs are when damage has already been done. Common Signs That You Have A Slab Leak The signs of slab leaks vary depending on the severity of the leak itself. You might have small suspicions of a slab leak: a higher than usual water bill or an occasional sound of running or dripping water. Or, the signs might be more obvious: standing water surrounding the foundation of your home, cracks on the ceiling or walls, or warm spots in your floor. If you notice any of these common signs that you have a slab leak, act quickly! The longer you let a slab leak go unattended, the worse damage you will experience. Even the smallest leaks can wreak havoc on your home or business. Give All American PHA a call at the first sign of slab leak so we can save you from unnecessary headache (and costs) with quality slab leak repair services. Options For Repairing Slab Leaks What are your options for repairing slab leaks? There isn’t one clear answer to this commonly asked question. The options for repairing slab leaks are entirely dependent on the extent of your slab leak damage. For a single leak, spot repair might be effective – although it is often a temporary fix, and can lead to expensive flooring damage to gain access to the leak source. Most homeowners prefer re-piping or re-routing of plumbing to effectively bypass the slab leak. For this option for repairing slab leaks, new pipes typically made from flexible PEX are routed around the edge of the slab, giving a cost effective solution as well as easy access points for future inspections and repairs. If you’re experiencing multiple pin-hole leaks in your slab, pipe lining is a cost-effective and reliable option. This technique utilizes a thin epoxy coating to cure the lines, effectively sealing off leaks. Repair The Damaged Section Once we have found the source of your slab leak and repair any necessary plumbing, it’s time to tackle the damaged section of slab. Our team at All American PHA is experienced in every phase of slab leak repair – from troubleshooting and finding even the smallest hidden leaks, to repairing the damaged section of slab itself. Don’t attempt a DIY fix! Your slab is a critically important structural element in your home, and repairing it will almost always require professional help. What Causes a Slab Leak? Slab leaks can be caused by a variety of issues. Perhaps the most common causes of slab leaks stem from faulty plumbing systems. Other problems such as soil shifting beneath the slab’s surface, chemical reactions or corrosion, and weak water lines can also lead to slab leaks. Regular inspections and maintenance of your home’s plumbing systems is important to detect the signs of slab leaks before they become major problems. Why Slab Leaks Are Such a Big Deal Slab leaks are significantly worse than other leaks that might occur in your Central Valley area home due to their location. They take a while to notice, making them problematic. Since the leak is located under your home, most people don’t notice them until the problem is visible, as we mentioned above. You may be able to detect a slab leak on your own by watching your water meter after shutting off all your water appliances, but leaks can occur anywhere, and even if you do detect a slab leak, you need to have it professionally addressed. Our team uses special methods to detect slab leaks, such as acoustic listening devices and electronic line locators. This helps us not only to locate the slab leak but to determine the severity of the damage it has caused. Call Our Team Today for Slab Leak Services The sooner you have your slab leak detected and repaired, the less you’ll need to pay to repair water damage. Our trustworthy plumber service professionals provides exceptional slab leak detection and repair services to Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley area. We also offer a 6-year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Just give us a call today and one of our plumbing pros will be out to help you as soon as possible—we even provide 24/7 emergency services! Remember, the longer you wait, the more water damage can occur, and the more you may find yourself paying in repair costs. When it comes to slab leaks, it’s always better to be safe than sorry. If you suspect you’re dealing with one, have it inspected right away rather than wait it out for a more convenient time. Call (209) 509-4448 or use our online form today! PlumbingEmergency Plumbing Drain & Sewer Cleaning Gas Piping Hydro Jetting Repiping Sewer & Drain Repair Slab Leak Detection & Repair Trenchless Technology Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361