Water Purification Systems Installation in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Water Purification Systems Installation and Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Improve Your Water Quality Today If you’re like most homeowners in the Central Valley area, chances are that you want to be 100% satisfied with the quality of your drinking water. And we believe you should be too! But the biggest obstacle to improving your water quality is that there are so many different potential problems. From strange odors and taste to visible sediment, there’s a lot that can go wrong with your water. Not to worry though. Plumbers at All American Plumbing Heating & Air can help. Our trained and experienced team lives by the motto of “In the Service of Excellence” and this means treating our customers like family. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Water Treatment System Installation There are a number of options available to Central Valley area homeowners. Based on the problems you describe, our team will have an idea of what we’re up against. We’ll conduct appropriate water testing to confirm, and then help you make an educated decision on which of the following water treatment systems will serve you best: Reverse Osmosis Systems: Also referred to as an RO system, this is highly effective in purifying the water supplied by your plumbing system. Using a set of pre-filters, with a semipermeable membrane, an effectively installed and serviced RO system can remove the majority of pollutants and chemicals within your water, giving you bottled–quality water to cook with, drink, give to your pets, and do all the other chores for which you need your plumbing system. Water Softeners: You’ve probably heard the term “hard water,” at some point, even if you didn’t know exactly what that term meant. Hard water is water that has an increased presence of the minerals calcium and magnesium. These minerals are harmless to ingest and will not affect your health. What they will effect though, is the condition of your plumbing system and your quality of life. An expertly installed water softener from a top manufacturer will resolve this! Ask us about the Hague electronic descaling water softener system we install and service. UV Water Purifiers: UV rays, while harmless to people and pets, have a negative effect on organic tissues. When used in the right amount, it can eliminate organic pollutants completely. Therefore, it makes a great option for removing pollutants from your water. Contact us today to learn more about these systems! We Will Design a Water Treatment Solution for You We know that no two homes are alike. This means that your home may not even have the same water treatment needs as your closest neighbor. That means you need a solution that is custom–tailored, which is what our team is here for! Our water treatment specialists will come into your home, test your water, and uncover any compromises that may exist. This way, we can find the best way to reduce any harmful toxins from your water or create better tasting water. Do You Need Water Treatment System Repairs? Are you experiencing a problem with your water treatment system? Are there leaks at any of the connection points? Is your water beginning to taste “off” again? Are you noticing mineral deposits on your faucets and around your drains? At the first sign of trouble, give our service professionals a call. From conducting water testing to ensure you have the right systems on hand to providing water treatment system maintenance to help your systems last as long as possible, our water treatment services are comprehensive. We offer a 6-year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Call us today at (209) 509-4448 and schedule your water treatment service appointment. We are committed to offering top-quality care! PlumbingEmergency Plumbing Drain & Sewer Cleaning Gas Piping Hydro Jetting Repiping Sewer & Drain Repair Slab Leak Detection & Repair Trenchless Technology Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361