Ductless Mini Split AC and Heating in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Ductless Mini Split AC and Heating System Repair and Installation Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Serving Customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced In the surrounding Central Valley communities, many homeowners depend on traditional ducted systems for their air conditioning and heating needs. They receive warm or cool air in a single centralized unit that distributes that air through a series of air ducts via a fan. It’s a very effective system and the reason that many households are equipped with central AC systems and furnaces. But a ducted system is not your only option. Ductless mini split systems take the concept of both heating and cooling your home and keeping you and your family comfortable and take it all one step further—they eliminate the need for ductwork. Turn to All American Plumbing Heating & Air today and we’ll be happy to walk you through the benefits of such a system. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. How Do Ductless Air Conditioning & Heating Systems Work? The key difference between a ductless air conditioning and heating system and a central AC or furnace is their decentralized nature. Rather than a single indoor unit, each room or zone of your home has its own individual blower unit. Whether you’re using ductless systems for heating or even ductless air conditioning, the system lets you control the temperature in each room separately. This set up allows for a fine level of control that you simply can’t get with a centralized unit. More importantly, you can turn off the air or heat in parts of your home that aren’t being used at the moment, which lowers the strain on the system and reduces your monthly bills in the meantime. Our trained and experienced team believes “In the Service of Excellence” and we’ll help you find the right match for your home, providing installation, repair, and maintenance for your ductless system. Can All Homes Benefit from Going with our Ductless systems? There are a variety of home types throughout the Central Valley, each with their own specific needs. It stands to reason, then, that not all homes will gain the full benefits of a ductless system. It’s up to you as the homeowner to make that call, but we can certainly help you make an informed decision. At All American Plumbing Heating & Air, we tend to steer our customers with smaller homes towards more centralized systems, as the benefits of going ductless are often lost on homes with less square footage. But if you have a home with a lot of space or multiple rooms, then a ductless system can certainly help you contain your cooling and heating energy, and therefore your cooling and heating costs. Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Trust Our Team for Your Ductless Needs Whether you’re curious about ductless cooling, ductless heating, or both, you need the right service professionals to handle not only the installation but repair and maintenance of your ductless system too. Our trained and NATE-certified experts know the ins and outs of all sorts of air conditioning systems, and ductless units are no exception. We are here to provide you with advice about what system will work best for your home and follow that up with exceptional services. Reach out to us today at (209) 509-4448 to ask us all of your ductless questions! HeatingBoiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361