Furnace Repair and Replacement Services in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Furnace Repair and Replacement Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Trusted Service from a Family Owned & Operated Company The Central Valley area has a fairly diverse climate. True, our winters do not get as bitterly cold as other parts of the country. However, our winters absolutely call for efficient and effective home heating systems, and a gas or electric furnace is the preferred choice for many homeowners in our area. But for their accurate installation and service, you need an experienced team on your side. You are in luck—whatever your furnace service needs are, you can count on the heating professionals at All American Plumbing Heating & Air to get the job done right. We’ve been in the business for over 18 years and are committed to living by our motto of “In the Service of Excellence.” Contact us today to learn what that means and how we can help provide superior heating to your home and your family. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Only Trust the Pros for Your New Furnace Installation We have our share of cold nights here in the Central Valley. As such, you need a fully reliable furnace to get you through. And a furnace can only be reliable if it is installed accurately—properly sized for your home and hooked up correctly, whether you choose an electric system or a gas–powered system. A quality heating contractor with a commitment to the best possible work will use the appropriate tools and training to get the job done. A general handyman or amateur heating company, however, will use cheap components that wear out quickly, and may not even know how to size a system for your specific living space. Trust your furnace installation to trained professionals only. Furnace Repair & Maintenance It goes without saying that you need a reliable heating repair company when you run into problems with your furnace, whether you’re dealing with system breakdowns or a loose component. But in order to reduce those repair needs in the first place, and extend the lifespan of your furnace, you need thorough maintenance once a year, too. Maintenance sessions through our AMP Club membership are designed to prevent problems from occurring with your furnace. During your tune–up our service professionals will thoroughly clean, adjust, and inspect your system for any outstanding problems. Contact us today to enroll, and to learn about the many benefits afforded to our maintenance plan members! Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Do high-efficiency furnaces really save money? Do high-efficiency furnaces really save money? According to the Department of Energy, a high-efficiency furnace can reduce utility bills by up to 50 percent, making a high-efficiency furnace better for the environment and your wallet. Every home is different when it comes to heating and cooling costs which is why an experienced and knowledgeable technician from All American Plumbing Heating & Air is ready to answer your questions and get the right furnace for your home. Servicing the Central Valley Area, contact All American Plumbing Heating & Air today. Schedule Furnace Services Today! Whether you are using a gas furnace or an electric furnace, you need a heating professional who understands your system inside and out, to keep it running the way it should for as long as possible. Furnaces are fairly simple systems, but they are not appliances that amateurs or do–it–yourself-ers should poke around in, as they can do more harm than good. You can rely on All American Plumbing, Heating & Air for dependable furnace services, as well as safe furnace services. Whether it’s making sure your electric furnace is sized correctly for your living space (a system that’s too large can do just as much harm as one that’s too small) or checking that your gas furnace is operating as safely as possible, we are the team to call. We service furnaces in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley area. Call our company today at (209) 509-4448 to get started with an appointment. HeatingBoiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361