Expert Indoor Air Quality Testing and Services in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Expert Indoor Air Quality Testing and Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Turn to All American Plumbing, Heating & Air When You Need a Breath of Fresh Air What does it mean to work “In the Service of Excellence”? For our team, that means focusing on customers first and backing up our work and the products we sell with 100% satisfaction guarantees. We make no exception for improving the indoor air quality of your Central Valley area home. To many, indoor air quality means simply the correct temperature of their home, which is achieved with the expert installation of cooling and heating systems. But your air quality is more than just about the temperature—true quality air is achieved through the right air quality systems, such as air purifiers, humidity balancing systems, and more. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Your Indoor Air Quality System Options There are a number of factors that affect how comfortable you and your family feel in your home. You could be suffering from things like pollutants and allergens in the air, poor ventilation, or even air that’s too dry. There are several systems which can help to address these issues, such as: Air Filtration Systems: Your HVAC systems come standard with air filters to protect their inside components, but this actually does little to improve your air quality. Ask us about our air filtration systems, which can be installed in your ductwork or in your air handler where they will appropriately interact with your conditioned air without being obtrusive. Air Purifiers: Germs such as viruses and bacteria can make you ill and could even be dangerous to anyone with a compromised immune system. An air purifier, which has become an increasingly popular indoor air quality product in recent years, will help rid your home of harmful contaminants. Humidifiers and Dehumidifiers: Dry air dries up your sinuses, making you more susceptible to catching colds, and can also damage your property by allowing wood furnishings and flooring to crack. Air with too much moisture in it can be just as harmful, leading to the development of mold and mildew, among other problems. Ask us about whether a humidifier or dehumidifier would benefit you. ERV and HRV Systems: Poor ventilation is a common problem in the Central Valley area, as homes are built with tight construction to allow for high HVAC efficiency. This is good news in a way but requires the right ERV or HRV system to rid your home of stale air. Get Started Today All American Plumbing, Heating & Air has been a trusted plumbing, HVAC, and indoor air quality company in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson and surrounding Central Valley communities for well over 18 years. Our technicians live in the communities we serve, and therefore care about our neighbors. We want to ensure you are as comfortable and healthy as possible in your home. This is why in addition to providing exceptional home energy audits and professional HVAC system installation and services, we offer 24/7 repairs, no overtime charges, around the clock customer service, and both investment and customer satisfaction guarantees. Work with our team, and we’ll ensure that you’ll be happy with the final product! Call us at (209) 509-4448 to bring in a team you can count on. We are committed to providing top-quality workmanship and customer service. HeatingBoiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361