Air Conditioning Repair and Installation Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Air Conditioning Repair and Installation Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced 24/7 Emergency Service At ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING, HEATING & AIR, we know that all throughout the surrounding Central Valley communities, OUR TEAM of highly trained air conditioning service experts in not only have the skills and knowledge required to install cooling systems of all shapes and sizes, but also the training it takes to accurately repair these systems. Whether it’s something as minor as a fan belt that needs replacing, or if your compressor has broken down, we are the team to call. And to prevent the costliest of repairs, we encourage our customers to schedule maintenance on a routine basis. Maintenance is the only way to ensure the longevity of your air conditioning system, as during this service our professionals fully inspect, clean, and adjust any components that need it. Ask us about our maintenance program and see just how much you can benefit from this service! Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. AC Installation Services There are a number of air conditioners on the market today, each with their own benefits. When you call our team for AC installation or replacement, we can advise you on the various systems we offer and help you make an educated decision. Just a few of the systems we can help you install or service include: Central Air Conditioning: Most homes in our area are equipped with high-efficiency central air conditioners, and for good reason. With proper installation, routine maintenance, and timely repairs, central AC systems can benefit homeowners for years. Heat Pumps: Heat pump systems operate similarly to central systems, except that they have a reversing valve that allows them to heat your home in the winter. They work best in climates with mild winters, making them a great option for Central Valley households. Ductless Systems: Whether you’re in a small apartment without attic access for ducts or you just want to improve HVAC efficiency, the ductless system can be a great option for you. I operates on heat pump technology but does not require air ducts. Evaporative Cooling: Also referred to as a swamp cooler, the evaporative cooler functions by using water to lower the temperature of the air, cooling you off and helping to balance humidity in your home. Your Trusted Choice for AC Replacement & Installation When a heat wave hits during our long summers in the Central Valley, you need a fully reliable and efficient air conditioner to keep you and your family comfortable. This means finding a system that matches your particular needs and having it professionally installed by an experienced and highly trained team. That’s where our AC repair & installation team comes in! Our business started out as a one-man show and has evolved into a team of trusted service professionals, including NATE-certified installers and technicians. No matter which AC system you choose, we will ensure your complete satisfaction. All American Plumbing, Heating & Air provides a 10-year complete bumper-to-bumper system guarantee to our AMP Club members with biannual air conditioner maintenance. We also provide a 100% 2–year customer satisfaction guarantee and investment guarantee for all customers. Reach out to our staff today for more details. Lifetime AC services Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Ask About Our Home Performance & Indoor Air Quality Services Were you aware that you could be losing a significant amount of your conditioned air through drafts and ductwork breaches? In the meantime, you could be gaining contaminants and unwanted particles due to poor indoor air quality. Balancing your indoor humidity is also an issue in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the Central Valley area. We provide home performance and INDOOR AIR QUALITY PRODUCTS and services for homeowners that will have them living more comfortably and healthfully in no time! When you’re ready for more details, make our number the one you call. Bring in the team of Turlock AC specialists your neighborhood can rely on. Call us at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form today to schedule your appointment! Air ConditioningAC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361