Evaporative Coolers Installation and Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Evaporative Coolers Installation and Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Turn to Our Responsive Team for Energy Efficient AC Solutions There are a variety of ways in which to cool a home. The refrigerant-based air conditioning system is the one that most homeowners think of and the one that most depend on. The central air conditioner is a very effective means of cooling down your Central Valley area home, but it’s not the only method. In the right home, there is an alternative that can help lower energy costs drastically. One alternative that All American Plumbing Heating & Air installs and services is the evaporative cooler also referred to as a swamp cooler. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. How Are Swamp Coolers Different? You may be wondering what it is exactly that a swamp cooler does. The simple explanation is that it uses water to cool down the air entering your home. The standard centralized AC uses refrigerant to remove heat from your indoor air and turn it into cool air that comes back through your vents. There is no chemical refrigerant in an evaporative cooler or swamp cooler, however. Rather, the system uses dampened pads that are kept wet through the action of pumps. A fan pulls in outside air and as the warm air moves over the pads, it loses heat to the water—much like the breeze you feel coming off a large body of water such as a lake. The Benefits of Evaporative Cooling The primary advantage of evaporative cooling is that these systems cost less to run than more traditional air conditioning system types. Running your evaporative cooler requires powering the fans and the pumps, which consumes less electricity than running the compressor in a central AC. If your home is well suited for an evaporative cooler, it can substitute a standard AC on many days, and lower your energy costs. Another great benefit of evaporative cooling is that it helps combat dry conditions, which we get our fair share of in the surrounding Central Valley communities. The moisture from the pads enters the air and helps raise the humidity level, increasing your home comfort on dry summer days. Call Us for Evaporative Cooling experts It bears mentioning that evaporative coolers are not the right solution for every home. To make sure that installing one of these systems is the best way to lower your energy costs and not raise your humidity levels too much, you should reach out to our experienced service professionals. If we don’t feel an evaporative cooler will benefit you, we’ll be honest, and we’ll make recommendations for other types of cooling systems that could be a better match. We have extensive training here at All American Plumbing Heating & Air and have handled many types of air conditioning systems. From installing a brand-new swamp cooler to ensuring that an existing system has proper maintenance each year, you can rely on us! We’ve been in business since 2001 and have earned a reputation for quality customer service. Reach out to our team today. Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Schedule your appointment with our team by calling us at (209) 509-4448. Air ConditioningAC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361