Commercial Air Conditioning Repair and Maintenance Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Commercial Air Conditioning Repair, Installation and Maintenance Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Helping You Keep Employees, Customers & Tenants Comfortable When it comes to our little section of California, there’s no system that we require more than the air conditioner. We enjoy warmer weather throughout the majority of the year, with summers that can get quite sweltering. This means that your business or commercial space needs a reliable and fully functional cooling system. The comfort of your business and the happiness of your employees, customers, and/or tenants is of vital importance. We understand that running a business takes a lot of attention though, so that’s why our team provides exceptional commercial cooling services throughout the Central Valley. Contact ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING, HEATING & AIR any time, day or night, for your commercial AC needs, and learn how we live by our motto of “In the Service of Excellence.” Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Reliable Commercial AC Installation & Replacement Having a new commercial air conditioner installed is a significant job, and you must leave this kind of work to trained experts. The experienced service professionals on our team will determine the right type of commercial cooling system for your building or business, as well as the appropriate size so that it will maintain the level of cooling that your entire space needs. We understand the unique and diverse needs of businesses throughout Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. We get that you don’t want a system that behaves inefficiently or ineffectively, wasting energy and money. Our skilled commercial HVAC professionals will ensure this isn’t the case, and that your new or replacement commercial cooling system will work for the years to come, without debilitating breakdowns. Quality Repair & Maintenance for Commercial Air Conditioners Does your building have an older air conditioning system that seems to be acting up? Maybe it’s creating hot spots or operating very noisily. If so, you should certainly look into having it repaired, and potentially even consider a replacement. Contact our service professionals, and we’ll examine your commercial air conditioner to see what’s going on within it so we can recommend next steps. And when it comes to preventing the biggest and costliest of commercial AC repairs, maintenance is essential. Our team is available 24/7 for comprehensive commercial cooling repairs. But we’d like to help you avoid these issues to begin with by maintaining your system with seasonal inspections, thorough cleaning, and system adjustments through our AMP Club maintenance plan. Contact Us for All Your Commercial Cooling Needs We understand how important running your business or commercial space is to you. Protecting the comfort and contentment of everyone in your space is a major priority, but you have to focus on your bottom line on a daily basis. That’s where we come in. We’ve served numerous businesses in the Central Valley area since 2001 and helped them to achieve the best balance of indoor comfort with our skilled services for commercial AC units. You never want to put blind trust in just any HVAC company when it comes to the comfort of your business or commercial property. The only service professionals who should be handling your commercial air conditioner are those with the right level of training and expertise in working with commercial systems. You have that with All American Plumbing Heating & Air. Reach out to us today! Schedule an appointment with a Turlock commercial AC technician by calling us at (209) 509-4448. CommercialAir Conditioning Backflow Prevention Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361