Commercial Indoor Air Quality Testing and Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Commercial Indoor Air Quality Testing and Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Let Our HVAC Technicians Keep Your Company Breathing Easier At ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR, we understand how essential it is for commercial property and business owners to keep their properties consistently comfortable. We also believe that to achieve this, you need to do more than just maintain comfortable temperatures. The quality of air that your tenants, customers, and employees enjoy is just as important to overall comfort. Especially considering that without the right products and services, that indoor air quality can actually be worse than outdoor air quality. Our indoor air quality team is proud to provide our outstanding commercial indoor air quality products and services throughout the Central Valley. Contact us today to start improving your indoor air quality and to learn how we live by our motto of “In the Service of Excellence.” Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. How to Improve Your Commercial Indoor Air Quality There are many factors that can affect the quality of your indoor air. Temperature is just the beginning. There might be unhealthy contaminants in the air, or it may be too humid or dry in the space. Whatever the problem is, we have the product to resolve it. We can help you to install or service a variety of air quality systems, including: Air Filtration Systems: The air filter that comes standard with commercial HVAC systems is there to protect the inside components of those systems, not your property’s indoor air. For that, you need a specialized commercial air filtration system. Air Purifiers: Depending on the nature of your business or commercial space, you could have a number of contaminants present in the air, from VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds) and viruses to allergens and mold spores. Let us help match the right air purifier to your specific needs. Humidity Balancing: Unless you’re a fairly new California resident, you likely already know what a challenge it can be to maintain comfort when it gets dry in the winter and humid in the summer. Fortunately, we provide quality humidifiers and dehumidifiers for commercial spaces. ERVs and HRVs: The way buildings are constructed nowadays allows for the most efficient use of your HVAC systems possible. This is great news for your commercial heating and cooling bills, but not so much for your indoor air quality. This tight construction can leave the air feeling stale and uncomfortable. Improve the comfort of all your property’s occupants with the right energy recovery or heat recovery ventilator! What Causes Poor Indoor Air Quality? There are a number of reasons that the indoor air quality in your commercial space might be poor. A major factor is what that space is used for. Restaurants and commercial kitchens, for instance, might have poor indoor air quality due to insufficient ventilation above the ovens, ranges, and other cooking appliances. If you own or manage a business or even a housing complex, then the individual actions of employees and residents can have a major impact on indoor air quality. Reach out to our indoor air quality specialists at (209) 509-4448 to schedule service! CommercialAir Conditioning Backflow Prevention Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361