Commercial Water Heater Installation and Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Commercial Water Heater Installation, Repair Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced 24/7 Emergency Services Available There probably isn’t a single plumbing appliance in your commercial space that you would want to go without for an extended period of time. There is no exception for the water heater, which gets used on a daily, even hourly, basis. Commercial water heaters are a vital part of the buildings in which they’re installed. To get the most out of yours, you want to trust only trained professionals for their installation and service. ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING, HEATING & AIR installs, repairs, and maintains commercial water heaters for businesses and properties throughout the Central Valley. If you need reliable commercial water heater services in Turlock, contact our team today at (209) 509-4448 to schedule an appointment. Let Us Handle Your Commercial Water Heater Installation There’s no better way to start off with a fully efficient and effective commercial water heater that will serve you for years to come than by scheduling your installation with a trained and experienced team of professional commercial plumbers. We provide comprehensive commercial water heater installation services to ensure that your system gets off to a great start. If you need multiple systems thanks to a large space, we’ll work with you on that, too. We’ll ensure you’re matched up with the right type of commercial water heater, in addition to the right size. Do You Need Commercial Water Heater Services? When your commercial water heater is properly inspected and maintained, it will last a long time. However, no system lasts forever, and you may eventually need repairs or even a replacement. There are several symptoms to look out for that may indicate that it is time to repair or replace your water heater: Low Output: Not being able to meet your moderate demand levels is not a good sign when it comes to commercial water heaters. Reach out to our team today if yours are struggling to provide your commercial space with enough hot water. Leaks: A leaking water heater is never a good sign. You’ll want to have one of our commercial plumbers come take a look right away to ensure that corrosion hasn’t gotten to the system, and to repair the issue at hand. High Repair Frequency: This is a case in which replacement would probably be the best option. All systems develop problems every now and then. But you should not need to call for commercial water heater repairs every few months. Chances are, it’s far more economically beneficial to replace the system if you find this is the case. Old Age: Commercial water heaters today are designed in such a way that they can last up to two decades—so long as they are well maintained. After that point, water heaters start to lose efficiency and become more expensive to run and maintain, putting a strain on your budget and bottom line. Comprehensive Commercial Water Heater Maintenance Professionally installed water heaters can last a long time, but only if they are properly maintained. There is no exception for commercial systems. In fact, commercial plumbing systems need maintenance even more than residential systems, considering what’s at stake if a commercial system fails. If and when your commercial water heater develops a problem, we’re here to help, 24/7. But we would like to help your business or commercial space avoid the costliest of repairs by helping you schedule check-ups through our AMP CLUB MAINTENANCE PLAN. Commercial Tankless Water Heater You may be familiar with the benefits of residential tankless water heaters like how they are fast, efficient and eco-friendly. Many people ask us, “are tankless water heaters good for commercial use?” Yes! In general, tankless water heaters can work just as well as traditional water heaters for a restaurant or other commercial facility. A commercial tankless water heater will provide the benefits of increased efficiency, energy savings and cost reductions that residential tankless models are expected to provide. If you are in the Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson, and Merced areas call All American Plumbing, Heating & Air and ask about commercial tankless water heaters to see if one will be right for you! Call our commercial water heater experts today at (209) 509-4448 to schedule your appointment. CommercialAir Conditioning Backflow Prevention Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361