Areas We Serve | All American Plumbing, Heating, and Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Areas We Serve Quality Plumbing, Heating, and Air Conditioning Services in the Central Valley Since our very first case in 2001, we have been helping the homes and businesses of Central Valley solve their plumbing, heating, and air issues with care and professionalism. Our qualified team of experts is available to assist you with any issue, big or small, when and where you need us most. Call us today at (209) 509-4448 to schedule service! We Are Proud to Assist Customers in the Following Areas: Le Grand CAAtwater CALivingston CAWinton CADelhi CAHilmar CAEl Nido CAMerced CATurlock CACrows Landing CAPatterson CADiablo Grande CAStevenson CA Los Banos CADos Palos CAFirebaugh CAVolta CAMendota CAChowchilla CAMadera CAGustine CANewman CASanta Nella CA Trusted, Reliable Service Our plumbers and technicians all live by our motto, “In the Service of Excellence. This means that we approach every job with character and integrity. We want our customers to feel confident choosing All American for their plumbing, heating, and air conditioning needs. Our community deserves nothing but the best, and our team will work tirelessly to make sure that’s what you’ll get. We make sure that every member of our team has the knowledge and experience to tackle any problem you might have. Our work is also backed up by warranties and our upfront pricing guarantee. No matter the job or the budget, we want your service to exceed even the highest expectations! Contact us online or call (209) 509-4448 to speak with a member of our live customer service team! Maintenance, Repair, Installation, and More We service a wide variety of fixtures and appliances, including: Drains and pipes Water heaters and treatment devices Gas pipes Boilers Furnaces Ductless systems Heat pumps Central air conditioning Affordable Solutions At All American Plumbing, Heating, and Air, we make sure all of our customers are getting not only the best service, but the most affordable. That’s why we tailor our solutions to fit our budget and offer deals and coupons that our customers are encouraged to take advantage of. If your home or business needs our help, call us at (209) 509-4448 to discuss options that won’t break the bank! About UsOur Team Reviews Financing Maintenance Program Coupons Referral Program Employment Blog Areas We Serve SCHEDULE SERVICE Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361