24 Hr Emergency Plumbing Service in Los Banos and Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Emergency Plumbing Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Plumbing emergencies happen. Don’t be caught without a plan to fix them fast! When troubles arise in your home’s plumbing, All American Plumbing Heating & Air is here to help with 24/7 emergency plumbing services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson, and Merced. Whether you have a burst pipe, an uncontrollable leak, or a backed up sewer, our 24 hour plumber team is always available. No need to perform a last minute search for “Emergency plumber near me.” Add All American PHA to your speed dial for the next time a plumbing emergency strikes! Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Preventative Plumbing Maintenance & Inspections One way to avoid the need for an emergency plumber is to properly maintain your plumbing system. Our preventative plumbing maintenance and inspection services provide homeowners with effective ways to prolong the life of your plumbing. Regular maintenance and inspection of your plumbing systems not only prevents clogs and common issues from building, but also allows us to have a clear idea of potential problem areas so we can fix them before you find yourself in need of emergency plumbing repair or service. Give us a call to schedule your preventative plumbing maintenance and inspections today! Our Emergency Plumbing Services If you are looking for a 24 hr plumber in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson, and Merced, look no further than All American Plumbing Heating & Air. Every emergency plumbing service and emergency plumbing repair we provide is completed “In the Service of Excellence,” and we pride ourselves on a job well done with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. No matter what plumbing emergencies you are facing, our team is experienced and highly qualified to help at a moment’s notice. Emergency Sewer And Drain Cleaning Keeping your home’s drain and sewer systems in working order is one of the most important types of maintenance you can do. If your drains are continuously clogged, it will affect the performance of your system and the overall quality of water you are able to use. A clogged sewer line can cause all kinds of problems, including unhygienic water pooling around your property. If you encounter any sign of a major clog in your drains or sewer line, please contact All American Plumbing Heating and Cooling for emergency sewer or drain cleaning services. Don’t delay- the sooner you address the problem, the sooner your household will get back to normal. Call us today! Emergency Water Heater Repair When your water heater is broken, it can ruin all of your plans. Everything from hot showers, to washing dishes, to laundry is halted in its tracks. Water isn’t heating? Pressure is lower than normal? If you find yourself in need of emergency water heater repair, give the central valley’s most trusted team a call and we would be happy to assist- day or night. You will reach one of our knowledgeable customer service representatives to discuss your issue and send help, right away. What To Do When You Have Plumbing Emergency Before We Come To Your House Plumbing emergencies can be stressful. It’s important to remain calm and collected when dealing with an issue that requires emergency plumbing service. Before calling for emergency plumbing help, try your best to locate the source of the problem so we can have a better idea of how to best prepare for your needs. In most cases, it’s also wise to turn off the water source(s) to prevent further damage while we are en route to your home or business. When in doubt, give our team a call as soon as possible so we can walk you through what to do and get a professional plumber there to help right away. Schedule an appointment with our expert plumbers by calling us at (209) 509-4448. PlumbingEmergency Plumbing Drain & Sewer Cleaning Gas Piping Hydro Jetting Repiping Sewer & Drain Repair Slab Leak Detection & Repair Trenchless Technology Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361