About Us | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence About All American Plumbing Heating & Air 5-Star Service & Experience, Guaranteed All American Plumbing, Heating & Air began as a one-man operation in 2001, founded by Lamont Goldstein and run out of his home. What immediately made our company different is Lamont’s commitment to customers and the understanding that to be a caring and responsible service company, you must be available whenever the client needs you, no matter what time of the day or on what holiday an emergency might occur. In a few short years, we grew to a team of five service professionals, with humble beginnings. Today, we are a team of fifteen and growing. Each and every one of our plumbing, heating, and air service professionals values our mission of being there when needed, our core values of character, integrity, and living by our motto of “In the Service of Excellence.” Our Beginnings One of our very first service calls in the Central Valley was to a meat packing plant that was experiencing a huge and very unsettling plumbing emergency. As a team dedicated to doing great work, standing behind that work, and always making it right when something goes wrong, we jumped to the challenge and resolved this problem with as much grace and professionalism as possible. It is scenarios such as this that show our commitment to quality and our willingness to take on literally any job, which has extended from plumbing calls to HVAC and indoor air quality services. Reach out to our team any time day or night for your plumbing and HVAC needs! We Provide Customer–Centered Service We live in the communities we serve, which makes you our neighbors. Whether you need work done in your Central Valley area home or for your business, we’ll be there for you, 24/7 and 365 days a year. When you call American Plumbing, Heating & Air you’ll reach a real person, not an answering service. We also back up our work and the products we offer with exclusive guarantees and warranties, including our: 100% Investment Guarantee: Applies to any new plumbing, heating, or air conditioning system. Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. 6 Year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. 100% Customer Satisfaction Guarantee: We want you to be happy with our service and our products. 2–Year Complete Warranty on System Repairs: After we’re done, your plumbing and HVAC equipment should stand up to the test of time! 1–Year Warranty on Main Sewer Line Clogs: Residential service only, available for up to 2 stoppages. 10–Year Complete System Guarantee: Available to our AMP Club maintenance program members. 6–Year Complete Water Heater Warranty: Available to our AMP Club maintenance program members. Contact us today at (209) 509-4448 to learn more about the benefits of being an AMP Club member and American Plumbing, Heating & Air customer. About UsOur Team Reviews Financing Maintenance Program Coupons Referral Program Employment Blog Areas We Serve SCHEDULE SERVICE Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361