Trenchless Sewer Line Repair and Replacement in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Sewer & Drain In the Service of Excellence Trenchless Sewer Line Repair and Replacement in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Providing cutting edge trenchless technology in Los Banos and beyond Up until fairly recently, having work done to repair a water line or sewer line on a property meant a huge undertaking, involving digging up the entire yard and severely affecting the property’s landscaping. Large digging equipment was required to tear up a trench across lawns and gardens, potentially even breaking up walkways and paths, in order to access the buried water line. This is a process requiring days of work—but it doesn’t have to be this way! When you hire the Central Valley plumbers at All American Sewer & Drain for your sewer or main water line repair or replacement, you don’t have to sacrifice your yard or property. That is because we use trenchless sewer line repair and replacement. It’s a minimally invasive process that enables us to effectively solve your plumbing problem. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. What Is Trenchless Technology? Rather than digging a large trench to expose a pipe, trenchless technology allows our service professionals to use lateral techniques in order to address your sewer line repair. There are various methods to employ trenchless technology. The type most often used for homes involves using a hydraulic device attached to one end of the pipe to draw a pipe liner from the other end. With this process, the only digging necessary is to excavate either one or two small holes to access the ends of the pipe. Once the hydraulics have set the pipe liner into place, a device called a pipe burster is pulled through the pipe, causing the pipe liner to expand, and shatter the old pipe. The new pipe liner replaces the old pipe, and our Central Valley service professionals only need to fill in and re-landscape those small holes. Instead of taking days and requiring a huge cleanup, trenchless sewer line replacement or repair only takes a few hours. Contact Our Team Today for This No-Dig Technology Not every plumbing company has the training or the equipment available to them to manage trenchless, “no–dig,” technology to access your sewer line or main water line. But at All American Sewer & Drain, we are proud to provide this excellent service for homes throughout Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. When your sewer line is failing, you could hire another plumber to dig up a huge portion of your property and landscaping, only to spend days digging up and replacing the sewer line. Or, you can hire our team, and we’ll employ trenchless technology for pipe relining with minimal disruption. Our plumbers offer a 6-year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Trenchless sewer line repair and replacement really the best way to go when it comes to accessing this portion of your plumbing system. Not only does no–dig technology end up saving you money by leaving your landscaping alone and allowing you to have all the repairs done on the sewer line quickly and easily, it also helps you save another extremely valuable resource—your time. Contact us at (209) 509-4448 today to learn more about how we can make your pipe repairs and replacements much easier and more convenient! Drain & SewerDrain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN Sewer & Drain Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Home Drain Clearing Drain & Sewer Maintenance Hydro Jetting Inspection Repair LightRay UV Sewer Repair Replacement Trenchless Technology Contact Us Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361