Water Heater Repair, Replacement Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Water Heater Repair, Replacement Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Five-Star Experience & Service Think about the chores you do on a fairly regular basis in your home. Washing dishes, doing the laundry, cleaning your kitchen and bathrooms, etc. Now think about what appliance is necessary for all of these chores. That’s right, your water heater. This important piece of equipment is responsible for a lot, so if you want to have basic amenities that many people take for granted, you need to have a fully functional water heater. In order for that to happen, and for you to get the most efficient performance possible from your water heater, you need an experienced plumbing team on your side to complete the installation and any other water heater services you need. Look no further than All American Plumbing Heating & Air. We have been “In the Service of Excellence” for over 18 years and counting. We look forward to serving you in any way we can. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Count on Us for Water Heater Installation When researching what water heater is best to purchase, you’ll come across both gas water heaters and electric water heaters. But those aren’t the only options to consider! We know this may be overwhelming, but there’s no need to worry. Our plumbing service professionals are here to help you make an educated decision about what type of water heater is best for you, ensuring that it’s properly sized for your home and that it’s the right style that you want. When you are looking for a water heater, you have two main options: Tank Water Heater: The storage tank water heater is the traditional water heating system you’re likely used to seeing in homes throughout the state. By heating water and keeping a reserve within the tank, you’ll always have hot water when you need it. Tankless Water Heater: The tankless water heater doesn’t store hot water like its counterpart. Rather, it heats only the water needed at any given time. This is why they’re also called “on-demand” water heaters. They’ll never run out of the water! Can Hard Water Hurt My Water Heater? Yes, and this is especially a concern in the Central Valley area. Water hardness is measured in grains—a “normal” amount of hardness would be about 10 grains, but in our community, you can find up to 30 grains of hardness in most homes. The installation of a whole–home water softener will help with this issue, but for an added layer of protection for your water heater, you’d do well to consider a self–cleaning water heater installation. The self-cleaning water heaters that we provide and install will do more than protect against harmful sediment buildup from hard water—it will lengthen the overall lifespan of your water heater, provide a higher ROI than other water heater types, and will offer you better overall operating efficiency as well. Contact our team to learn more! Tankless Water Heaters Tankless water heaters are a popular choice amongst modern homeowners. Known for their energy efficiency and reliability, tankless water heaters are an investment that pays off quickly, resulting in hot water on demand whenever and wherever you need it in your home. Tankless water heaters feature slimmer profiles than traditional tank heaters, making them a great option for homeowners living in smaller spaces. All American PHA has experience installing all makes and models of tankless water heaters. Give us a call today to schedule an estimate or to ask questions! Electric Water Heater Repair Water heaters are one of the most used appliances in the home. As such, it’s not uncommon for us to receive calls about faulty electric water heater units. When you are in need of electric water heater repair, you can rely on the expertise of All American Plumbing Heating and Air. Whether your electric water heater has a faulty heating element or there is a different problem at hand with thermostat issues or crossed connections, we are here to help, with a knowledgeable member of our team available by phone 24/7. Don’t suffer through another cold shower! Call All American Plumbing Heating and Air to get your hot water heater working up to speed as soon as possible. Commercial Water Heater Service If you need hot water in your place of business in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson or Merced — you can rest assured that we’ll be there to take care of it without disrupting your business or your customers. When you need help, just give us a call. And one of our experts will visit your business, assess the problem at hand, and provide you with the most cost-effective and efficient solution. If your business water heater needs to be repaired, we can handle that quickly. And if it needs to be replaced, we will offer you options — whether you want a standard water heater or you’re exploring the option of a commercial tankless water heater. Trust your commercial water heater repair and installation to All American Plumbing Heating and Air so that you can focus on your business. Give us a call and our experienced technicians are available to help you. How do I properly maintain a tank type water heater? Like most major home appliances, tank water heaters require regular maintenance to operate at maximum efficiency. If you have a traditional tank type water heater, it is important to uphold a regular maintenance schedule to extend your water heater’s lifespan. To properly maintain a tank type water heater, the following steps should be taken at least once per year: Test the pressure relief valve and replace it if necessary. (You will need to replace the valve if water doesn’t drain when you lift the lever.)Drain sediment. Tank water heaters often fall victim to sediment buildup on the bottom of the tank. To properly maintain your tank water heater, this sediment needs to be removed annually, or more depending on use. Using a bucket, let the water flow from the drain valve until the water runs clear of sediment. (This usually takes approximately 2-3 gallons of water.) Be careful, as the water draining from the valve will be hot! Check the temperature setting. Be sure the water heater’s dial is set to 120ªF. Temperatures higher than 120º can lead to injury (scalding) and increase buildup of residue and sediment in the tank. Are tank type heaters less efficient than tankless water heaters? Tankless water heaters are typically more efficient than tank type heaters, although new tank heaters have made improvements in the efficiency department in comparison to models of years past. Exactly how much more efficient a tankless water heater is than a tank type heater depends on the amount of hot water you use in your home. According to Energy.gov, “for homes that use 41 gallons or less of hot water daily, demand (or tankless) water heaters can be 24% to 34% more energy efficient than conventional storage tank water heaters.” When Is It Time for a New Water Heater? Do you have an older water heater—15+ years of age—that is sucking up your home’s energy when heating water? Or did your storage tank water heater give out on you and flood the basement or garage? We hope not—but if either of these things occurred then it’s certainly time for a water heater replacement! Whatever the reason is that you’re looking to get a new hot water heater, you can rely on our plumbers to do the job with the utmost skill and care. You can be sure your water heater services are in the right hands—and this is no empty promise! We offer a full 6-year warranty for water heaters installed by our team to all of our AMP Maintenance Club members. Call us today to learn more about this program. We Provide Water Heater Repair & Maintenance Even the best water heaters on the market are going to require repairs from time to time. And all water heaters require maintenance. This is especially true for storage tank water heaters, which require the replacement of the anode rod every few years or so. The anode rod is the component of your water heater tank that absorbs rust and corrosion so that the lining of your water heater won’t. To reduce the chance of running into water heater problems, be sure to schedule maintenance with our team on an annual basis. Water heater tune-ups include a thorough inspection and adjusting to any components that need it. Our water heater repair team offers a 6-year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Call us today at (209) 509-4448 to schedule water heater services. PlumbingEmergency Plumbing Drain & Sewer Cleaning Gas Piping Hydro Jetting Repiping Sewer & Drain Repair Slab Leak Detection & Repair Trenchless Technology Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361