Best Fireplace Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Best Fireplace Services in Los banos & Throughout Turlock, Merced & Patterson Comfort & Beauty Your Family Can Rely On Fireplaces are easily the oldest type of heating system used in homes the world over. Fireplaces effectively direct heat to the rooms in which they’re installed and provide efficient radiant warmth for parts of your household. In today’s homes, we most commonly see furnaces, boilers, and heat pump systems used for whole-home heating, but that doesn’t mean fireplaces don’t still have their place. When it comes to installing and servicing these systems, you want a team you can trust, such as the service professionals at All American Plumbing Heating & Air. Contact us today and see how we live by our motto of “In the Service of Excellence.” Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. YOUR FIREPLACE OPTIONS When it comes to choosing the right fireplace for your home, you will need to consider many factors. Our fireplace contractors are here to help you make an educated decision about what fireplace system is best for you. Homeowners throughout the Central Valley choose the natural gas fireplace due to the convenience and air-quality regulations. Gas-insert fireplaces have become a popular choice over the years for many reasons. They are easily accessible, you can start a fire right away, and you can even set it up with a timer so that your fire “burns out” at a predetermined time and you don’t have to worry about it smoldering. Our team at All American Plumbing, Heating & Air and Sewer has the training and skill to install or repair your fireplace. The Benefits of Wood Stoves Modern wood–burning stoves have become an excellent alternative to traditional natural gas fireplaces. One of the biggest advantages of the wood stove is that it can be installed virtually anywhere in your home, so long as there is a way to run a vent pipe to the outside of your house. Depending on the setup of your home, a few well–place wood stoves can even replace a central heating system. Wood stoves are also considerably better for the environment than natural gas or propane–based fireplaces. When wood is burned, it doesn’t add any carbon dioxide to the environment due to its natural state as a tree. During the combustion of wood, a balance is maintained that cannot be maintained with a gas fireplace. Trust Our Team for Your Fireplace Services The installation of a fireplace system, no matter which type you choose, is not something to trust to an amateur. As you can imagine, there’s a lot of construction work involved, first off. If you’re looking to have a fireplace installed in your Central Valley area home the best thing you can do is reach out to our professionally trained and highly experienced fireplace contractors. We provide accurate installation in addition to quality repairs and maintenance services and have been doing so for over 18 years. Contact us today and learn how you can effectively and efficiently provide heat to your household with the right fireplace! Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. Turn to All American Plumbing, Heating & Air for fireplace services. Call us at (209) 509-4448 to begin! HeatingBoiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361