Central Air Conditioning Services in Los Banos & Turlock | All American Plumbing, Heating & Air Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Central Air Conditioning Repair, Installation and Maintenance Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget There are a variety of ways to cool your home, and just as many types of air conditioners to do the job. Central air conditioners remain at the top of the list for efficiency among homeowners throughout the surrounding CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITIES. These systems use refrigerant to cool the air in a single main system, then blow that air through your ductwork to cool the home. Of course, your central AC SYSTEM can only work as effectively and efficiently as it’s meant to if it is professionally installed and properly maintained by trained service professionals, such as the team here at ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR. Contact us our AC services and learn what it means to work with an HVAC contractor “In the Service of Excellence.” Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Why Professional Central AC Installation Matters The secret to an effective and efficient central AC system is how well it is installed. To get it started off right and ensure a long and problem–free life for your system, you want to invest in quality parts instead of cheap ones, have your system maintained once a year, and have a team on your side who knows what they’re doing. Amateur installation could leave you with a central AC system that is not sized correctly for your living space. Too small of a system can’t possibly cool down your home effectively, while too large of a system will start going through a process called short-cycling, where it shuts off and turns on rapidly, forcing it to work inefficiently. Fortunately, our AC installation team is here to help! We Provide Air Conditioning Repairs The best way to fend off the biggest and costliest of repairs is by scheduling ROUTINE MAINTENANCE for your central AC, otherwise known as your split air conditioner. During maintenance, our service professionals will fully inspect, clean, and adjust the components in both the outdoor unit and indoor unit of your split air conditioner. Don’t hesitate to contact our experts. It’s during this service that we’ll make note of any repair needs and alert you to them so you can schedule them at your leisure before summer begins. This will ensure that the system works as effectively as possible, for as long as possible. Reduce strain on your central AC by calling our HVAC service professionals today—we’re here for you 24/7! Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP CLUB MAINTENANCE PROGRAM members. When Is It Time to Replace Your Central AC? When professionally installed and properly cared for, the average central AC system can last 15 years or even longer. But once it reaches that point, it begins working inefficiently no matter how many repairs you have done, and soon it’s time to consider a system replacement. But other than age, how do you know that time has come? Your aging central AC system might be telling you it needs to be replaced if it’s constantly making noises while operating—noises that haven’t gone away with routine maintenance and repairs. Also, if you notice uneven cooling but know that your ductwork is in good condition, it may be that your air conditioner just doesn’t have the power that it used to in order to do its job. Our AC repair team would be happy to take a look if you suspect it may be time to upgrade your cooling efforts. Does your central air conditioning system need repair? Call us today at (209) 509-4448 to begin! Our family owned company is here to help. Air ConditioningAC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361