Heat Pumps Heating System Repair, Installation in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Affordable Heat Pumps Heating System Repair and Installation Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Energy-Efficient Home Comfort Solutions A heat pump system is a versatile, two-in-one climate control system that combines the power of a central air conditioner with the effectiveness of an electrically powered heating system. The weather in our neck of the woods is best suited for using a heat pump around the year for household comfort—these systems work best in climates with hot summers and mild winters. All American Plumbing, Heating & Air works with heat pump systems and we can answer any questions you may have about their effectiveness and efficiency if you’re a first-time heat pump user. We also provide quality repairs and maintenance for heat pump systems and are available 24/7 for your needs. We’ve been serving the Central Valley area and beyond since 2001, and we look forward to showing you how we work “In the Service of Excellence.” Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. How Heat Pumps Both Cool & Heat The innovative technology of a heat pump isn’t that it is two different systems packaged into one unit. It is actually a single system that operatesf in such a way that it can bring heat into the home while in heating mode, or remove heat from the home while in cooling mode. All it takes is an adjustment on the thermostat to activate the reversing valve to use this system year–round. But how does this all work? Well, a heat pump is an air conditioning system, essentially. But it can change the direction it works. A standard AC system circulates refrigerant in order to absorb heat along the indoor coil and then releases it through the outdoor coil. The reversing valve we mentioned above is responsible for changing the direction that refrigerant flows, causing the two coils to swap functions. Now, heat is absorbed along the outdoor coil and released through the indoor coil. We Provide Heat Pump Installation Services If you’re still on the fence about whether or not a heat pump is a good investment for your home, we urge you to consider these advantages: Year-Round Use: This is perhaps the biggest benefit. A heat pump saves you space, as you don’t have the indoor unit of an AC and a furnace to contend with. It also saves you money. Efficiency: Heat pumps are far more efficient in heating mode than other electrical systems. This is because heat pumps use electricity to transfer heat from one area to another, versus generating it through electrical resistance. Safety: Today’s heaters are built with safety in mind. However, when you use natural gas or another type of heating fuel, there is always an inherent risk that you simply do not have to worry about with a heat pump system. Quality Heat Pump Repairs & Maintenance If your heat pump struggles to heat or to cool, or it becomes stuck in one mode or starts making concerning noises, you can reach out to All American Plumbing Heating & Air at your convenience, 24/7, for heat pump repair services. And to help see your heat pump runs into as few problems as possible, we also provide exceptional heat pump maintenance through our AMP Club membership. We’ve been in business since 2001, and we will always make our customers our priority. Lifetime Heating and Air Conditioning Repair Guarantee Available to our AMP club maintenance program members. What benefits does a heat pump provide? Heat pumps transfer heat from one place to another by using evaporation and condensation of a refrigerant that cycles between an indoor and an outdoor unit. Here are some of the main benefits of a heat pump: BenefitDetailsHeats AND coolsA heat pump replaces both a heating and cooling system, keeping you warm or cool depending on the season.Energy efficientIn comparison to electric baseboards or gas furnaces, heat pumps use half to a third less energy when properly installed.Better indoor air qualityYou can choose to add an enhanced filtration system to your heat pump to remove indoor pollutants, dust, pollen, and other allergens from your home’s air circulating. Most heat pumps provide air flow and dehumidification. Call on All American Plumbing, Heating & Air today at (209) 509-4448 for heat pump services. HeatingBoiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361