Energy Efficient HVAC Services in Los Banos & Turlock | 209-509-4448 Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Energy Efficient HVAC Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Helping You Save Money with Energy Efficient Systems When you hear the term “home performance,” many things may come to mind. The type of home performance we’re talking about, however, is that which refers to the overall efficiency of your home—the way that it retains or expels conditioned air to keep you cool in the summertime and warm in the winter. When your Central Valley area home is as truly energy efficient as it can be, you’ll find you save a considerable amount of money along with it. The service professionals here at All American Plumbing Heating & Air can provide quality home performance services for your whole house, ensuring that your ducts are in good shape, you have the right insulation in place, and there is no air loss occurring anywhere. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. What Products or Services May Benefit Your Home Performance? Each home throughout the Central Valley area is different. This means that your needs may be different than those of your neighbors. Therefore, we want to help you find the right mix of products and services to improve your home’s energy efficiency, starting with an energy audit. During an energy audit, our highly trained and experienced service professionals will seal up your home, fit a powerful fan into your doorway, and use this to measure air pressure inside your home and outside in order to determine where you’re experiencing leakage. From there, we may find that you’re in need of more adequate installation, or duct sealing services, or a combination of both of these in addition to a more effective HVAC system. How to Tell if You Need an Energy Audit There are many signs that indicate you may want to schedule an energy audit for your home. These signs include: Uneven cooling or heating in your home. Old doors and windows that may be drafty. Poor indoor air quality, which can be tied in with air leaks. You’ve never had an energy audit done. You’re simply interested in learning how to optimize your home performance! If any of the above-mentioned signs describe your situation, or if you notice that your energy bills have spiked for no apparent reason, then it’s a good idea to get in touch with our team and see if an energy audit is a good idea. Call on Us for Your Home Performance Needs! Making improvements to your home’s energy efficiency means many things. Sure, it means having the right HVAC systems expertly installed, but it’s more than just that. You want to ensure that these systems themselves are high efficiency and that they are appropriately matched to your home. If you have a heater or AC system that’s too small, or even too large, for your home, then no amount of insulation and duct repair is going to completely solve your efficiency problems. Too small of a system simply can’t meet the demand of your living space, and too large of a system will short-cycle and wear the unit out. We’re happy to discuss this in more detail with you to help you make a bigger-picture, informed decisions about your home performance needs. Contact us today at (209) 509-4448 for skilled HVAC services. HeatingBoiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Humidifiers & Dehumidifiers Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361