Best Plumbing Services in Los Banos & Turlock | 209-509-4448 Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Affordable Plumbing Services by Expert Technicians in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Expert 24/7 Emergency Services to Los Banos & the surrounding areas Not many plumbing contractors promise a 100% investment guarantee with their plumbing installations—but we do. At All American Plumbing Heating & Air, we understand that it’s impossible to “test drive” your plumbing pipes and fixtures. So for the first year of your installation, if you are completely unhappy with the performance or operation of your plumbing system, and there is nothing we can do to correct the issue, we’ll refund 100% of your initial investment! This promise and our commitment to customer service and quality products is what makes us the leading plumbing company in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Our motto is, “In the Service of Excellence” and we strive to live by this with all of our plumbing jobs. Reach out to our service professionals today and see for yourself. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Call Us for Plumbing Installation Our highly trained professional plumbers have expertise in all types of plumbing jobs, both residential and commercial. We started out as a one-man show in 2001 and have grown to provide reliable, comprehensive plumbing services that address your whole home. From whole–house repiping to fixing that stubborn drippy faucet, there’s no job too big or small for this plumbing contractor. There’s no exception when it comes to your bathrooms and kitchen—the busiest rooms in the home as far as plumbing is concerned! Both are subject to drain clogs from soap scum in the bathroom to FOG (fats, oils, and grease) in the kitchen. Your bathroom plumbing and kitchen plumbing are essential to the overall functionality of your home, and therefore when you’re looking for experienced plumbers and you need a team you can trust—give us a call! We Provide Plumbing Repair & Maintenance Whatever your plumbing system needs in order to run smoothly, we have the solution. Our plumbers provides plumbing installation, replacement, repair, and maintenance services to Los Banos, Patterson, Merced, and the surrounding communities. Our most popular plumbing services include: Drain and Sewer Cleaning: Don’t rely on store-bought cleansers to rid your drains of stubborn clogs—they can actually do more harm than good! All American Plumbing Heating & Air uses hydro–jetting to clean your drains safely, effectively and efficiently. Gas Piping: Working with gas piping can be hazardous, which is why it’s essential to hire a professional plumber for this type of job. Repiping: Whether you need to replace an isolated pipe replaced or whole–house repiping, our team does it all! Slab Leak Detection and Repair: Slab leaks are one of those plumbing problems nobody wants to have, but one that must be repaired promptly to prevent further damage. Sump Pump Services: Sump pumps prevent flooding in homes by activating a pump as soon as water starts to fill the basement. Contact us for reliable sump pump services. Trenchless Technology: In the past, conducting sewer line repairs and replacement required tearing up a yard. Trenchless technology eliminates this need. Water Heaters: Water heaters can only work as effectively and efficiently as they’re meant to if they are professionally installed by an experienced team of plumbers. Water Treatment Systems: How healthy is your water? To protect your health and the health of your plumbing system, you need the right water treatment system. American Plumbing, Heating & Air offers a 6-year complete warranty on all plumbing work except fixtures available to our AMP club maintenance program members. To learn more about our AMP Club, call our friendly representatives today. Extend the life of your plumbing systems with regular plumbing maintenance in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson and the surrounding areas. No matter what plumbing issues you may be facing, our team at All American Plumbing Heating & Air can help. Call us at (209) 509-4448 to schedule your appointment! PlumbingEmergency Plumbing Drain & Sewer Cleaning Gas Piping Hydro Jetting Repiping Sewer & Drain Repair Slab Leak Detection & Repair Trenchless Technology Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361