Commercial Heating Repair and Services in Los Banos & Turlock Skip to content Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews In the Service of Excellence! Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve Coupons Maintenance Program Financing Jobs About Reviews Home Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Sewer & Drain Drain & Sewer Cleaning Sewer Line Inspection Drain & Sewer Line Replacement Hydro Jetting Lightray UV Sewer Repair Sewer & Drain Repair Trenchless Technology Sewer & Drain Maintenance Gas Piping Repiping Slab Leak Detection & Repair Water Heater Tankless Water Heaters Water Treatment Systems Heating Boiler Repair & Installation Ductless Systems Fireplace Furnace Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Radiant Heating Mitsubishi Electric Ductless AC AC Repair AC Installation Central Air Conditioners Ductless Systems Evaporative Coolers Heat Pump Home Performance Indoor Air Quality Mitsubishi Electric Ductless Commercial Backflow Prevention Air Conditioning Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Hydro Jetting Blog Contact Areas We Serve SCHEDULE NOW Schedule WE ACCEPT CALLS 24/7 (209) 509-4448 Call Menu All American Plumbing Heating & Air In the Service of Excellence Commercial Heating Repair, Installation and Maintenance Services in Los Banos, Turlock, Patterson and Merced Ensuring Your Commercial Property Stays Warm All Season Long Sooner or later, your business or commercial space will need sufficient heating in order to maintain indoor comfort. You can’t just rely on sufficient air conditioning in the summer to keep employees, tenants, and/or customers comfortable, even if we are in sunny California and don’t experience the frigid temperatures that other parts of the country do. It’s important to remember that due to the demands of a commercial space, which are much larger and complex than those of a residence, your commercial heater services require highly trained and experienced service professionals to manage, such as the team at ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR. Schedule your first appointment by calling our team today at (209) 509-4448 or use our online form. We are proud to serve customers in Los Banos, Turlock, Merced, Patterson, and the surrounding Central Valley areas. Quality Commercial Heating Installation & Replacement Poor quality or rushed work on a commercial heater installation will translate into wasted energy and a suffering budget for your business or commercial setting. But when you contact our team, you won’t need to worry about that. Our motto is “In the Service of Excellence” and we are committed to showing both our residential and commercial heating clients what we mean when we say that. Everything from choosing the right commercial heater for your space to ensuring it’s properly sized for that space is essential to your indoor comfort. Our commercial heating experts will take a number of factors into consideration for your commercial heater installation or replacement, such as the volume of the space, the layout, how many people will occupy the space at any given time, and even the heat given off by other appliances—particularly in the case of commercial kitchens. Reliable Commercial Heating Repair & Maintenance Whether you use your commercial heater or commercial AC system more, the heater will still sustain significant wear and tear over a winter season. Routine maintenance through our AMP Club membership will help absorb some of the strain that your commercial HVAC systems are put through. This reduces the chance of a sudden commercial heater breakdown and lowers the amount of repairs the heater may need in any given heating season. Malfunctions can still occur, of course, even with the most diligent care. To ensure that your commercial heating system comes back to full power as soon as possible, with minimal business interruption for you, call on our 24–hour service professionals to manage the repair work. All American Plumbing, Heating & Air is here for you around the clock! Commercial Heating Services You Can Trust In addition to 24/7 service you can rely on, our team never requires an overtime charge on repairs. We are upfront about our commercial heating service options and provide easy payment options so that you can rest at ease that the comfort of your commercial space will be managed without hurting your bottom line. Our staff believes in character, honor, integrity, and trust. This means we treat our commercial customers and residential customers alike with respect. We live in the communities we serve and are committed to the comfort and well-being of our valued neighbors. Commercial Furnace Repair Keeping a commercial property warm in the cold winter months takes a lot, and that’s where All American Plumbing, Heating, and Air comes in. They provide commercial furnace repair for the times when you need it most. If your commercial property needs furnace repairs, call All American. At All American Plumbing, Heating & Air, we look forward to being your trusted commercial heating service team! Call (209) 509-4448 now. CommercialAir Conditioning Backflow Prevention Heating Indoor Air Quality Water Heater Contact Us Today Please leave this field empty. Are you a new customer?Yes, I am a potential new customer.No, I'm a current existing customer.I'm neither. Promotions Maintenance Financing WHY HIRE ALL AMERICAN PLUMBING HEATING & AIR? Providing Quality Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Services for Over 36 Years Responsive Technicians & Plumbers Who Are There When You Need Them Upfront Pricing to Fit Every Budget & a Written 100% Guarantee Customer Service Representatives Available 24/7 - No Answering Service Cost-Saving Promotions, Maintenance Programs & Financing Options Screened & Background-checked Technicians Whom You Can Trust in Your Home WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING “They are always prompt, courteous, and do a good job!” Costa Land C. “I believe the job was done right and the issue will not return.” Mario R. “I would highly recommend them if you want someone who does a great job and quickly.” Kimberly B. “I really like that the technicians take the time to explain anything I had questions about.” Ardi P. Read More Reviews (209) 509-4448 Quick LinksHome Reviews Plumbing Air Conditioning Heating Coupons Maintenance Program Financing About Us Contact Us Areas We Serve Privacy Policy Los Banos Location 940 G Street Los Banos, CA 93635 Map + Directions Turlock Location 821 West F Street Turlock, CA 95380 Map + Directions 209-270-6271 License #840958 All American Plumbing Heating & AirAll American Sewer & Drain© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 209-752-6361