About Us - Geeks5G Creative Marketing Skip to content Website Design intake form Social Media Managment intake form (800) 320-0228 About Us Services Web Design Social Media SEO Paid Campaigns CRM Integration Pricing Web Design & Development Social Media Management SEO Our Work Contact Us Menu About Us Services Web Design Social Media SEO Paid Campaigns CRM Integration Pricing Web Design & Development Social Media Management SEO Our Work Contact Us Free Consultation About Us Services Web Design Social Media SEO Paid Campaigns CRM Integration Pricing Web Design & Development Social Media Management SEO Our Work Contact Us Menu About Us Services Web Design Social Media SEO Paid Campaigns CRM Integration Pricing Web Design & Development Social Media Management SEO Our Work Contact Us ABOUT US Dedicated to delivering excellence We are a full-service creative agency, made up of a team of experienced innovators. Our mission is to help bring your brand to the right audience, in the right way. Free Consultation Think big We strive to look at long-term goals for your company, always keeping in mind your future success as we help build your online presence. Follow the data There are proven methods of success with Internet Marketing, and we utilize these to provide the best service possible. Partners, not clients We work directly with you and follow your vision to the letter, as we can only succeed if you succeed. Always be learning We dedicate ourselves to staying up to date with new trends so we can improve the quality of services that we provide to you. Meet Our Team Our team is comprised of the most talented in the industry, with each one of us bringing the best of our abilities to the table to guarantee client satisfaction and deliver work of the highest standard. We consider ourselves family here at Geeks5G, and we believe in the quality of our services because we believe in each other, and we would love to extend this faith and trust to your company as well. David Shnader Owner / Operations Alexa Kor Web Designer JoBeth Medina Social Media Specialist Jesus Sanchez Graphic Designer Nixson D’souza Web Developer Sanjit Jena SEO Specialist Jennifer De Puy Social Media Manager Rifat Nazmul Social Media Manager Shouvik T.Developer Joy D.Content Writer Abhiranjan J.Developer Sourav M.Web Designer Madhurima BContent Writer VarunContent Writer ShayamaQA Testing Nitish Developer SwatiContent Writer Quaser BimUI/UX Design Ayan B.Developer RohitSEO Would you like to start a project with us? Conversion-Focused Custom Website Design, Strategy & Branding to Boost Your Results So You Can Have a Bigger Impact. Free Consultation Copyright ©2023. All Rights Reserved. Geeks5G Contact Us Blogs Privacy Policy Contact Us Blogs Privacy Policy Free Consultation Thank you for submitting a form! We are super excited about your project!